all right next up we got Sammy trying a
couple of aunts our one lots of
unrivaled box 37 asked for the Mojo
source one for my the case yesterday
Colbie got was missing a patch auto
stuff if that ends base base base lesean
mccoy 759 West Walker 999 base base base
bass bass bass TJ housh am in LA 159 499
larry fitz Larry out here i use 499
rookie jerome harrison ford anyone Brett
Farah 759 base base base base base base
this one point now obviously if there's
a thick pack everything looks thin from
here ok cool where is it look at there
it is don't put it back there here it is
I guess makes me nervous I hate when you
miss the hips but it's there are there's
only one tic tac in the whole thing so
I'm assuming that's a toby gerhart 999
oh yeah box is empty days base base
they'll need two more autographs on top
of that fifth one these here's one tony
pike 480 rookie card barber
oh really is Ben 999 Ricky here's a 10 1
plate is that Oh down in the Nick NAB
then it look like them in the picture
via number 5 donovan mcnabb plate 101
days oz colt brennan for a minute on the
lot 999 well his last pack needs to have
an aunt another autograph what's all
this I found a place as a hit nope they
got an extra bent 899 rookie card
autograph the black version so sweet me
and you got all your heads and here's
the past and you got plate and it's
going nice looking patch oh dang Ben
Tate hot box then take hatch autograph
number two 249 there's the patch so if
you like the Texans or Ben Tate you like
it okie doke sani appreciate it buddy I
will get these up it's a little late now
so I have to get them out tonight drop
mock they'll go first thing tomorrow see